Mom, I'm sleepy.
You went to ask Sister Hui to pick you up
Hmm Guoguo
How is Sister Hui doing today?
Mom sings again
Sister, every time you drink too much, you will get a ginger bath.
With breathing difficulties
It's alright, I can restrain myself
Then I'll wait for the country to go first, let's go
Guoguo is right
It's time for me to take that step
Miss Chen, have a drink
Although the second son of the Wu Group is playful
But it has always had a good reputation among women
Are you kissing me?
I didn't expect Miss Chen to be so proactive
I will definitely be able to take that step
Sorry.
Miss Chen does have some beauty
But I'm not bad, am I?
Why humiliate me so much
It's not your problem, please leave first.
Do you want me to help you go back to your room and sit down?
Don't touch me
Tachycardia
It will be better
Is it fragrant, Jiayu?